# PANTOMATH-Parental-Application
Pantomath is a complete solution for ensuring the safety of kids. Now a day the crimes     against children are widely increasing. While a crime happens against the child we didn’t have any option to find the current location of our child. This system provides the facility to find the location of child simply with the help of an android mobile. This system will provide exact address of current location with great accuracy. Now a day many crimes are there against children. Each parent can monitor the movements of their children by using this android application. In this paper, I use GPS system to trace the location of the child. There are mainly two modules and a database is there for my system. One is parent module which can be an android mobile phone with the application in it. The child module can be either an android mobile, android watch or Android navigators. The database is used to monitor the location of the child. Which can be connected to the school for monitoring the movements of children with in the school its self. The call list from the child phone, the message list from the child, the list of installed applications are also can be fetched by the parent. Also parent can add the reminder for the child. 
Using electronic devices is not limited to adults or to specific time or place, Children use different types of mobile devices with no constraints. Guardians concern about the effect of the technical explosion on their children development. Controlling, monitoring and managing approaches are in need to help in overcoming some of these worries. This project gives insight in approaches to monitor and control children electronic devices. The project includes an overview of the related research efforts that allow guardians to manage and monitor data, applications, or services available in kid’s mobile devices. The main challenge is to balance privacy and flexibility with the ease of use. The project also includes the implementation of an android application called PANTOMATH: Parental application. 
